docs: add new count and range subfields to manifest docs (#2206)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/manifest/lb-web-service.md

  response_time: 2s
```

<span class="parent-field">count.</span><a id="count-range" href="#count-range" class="field">`range`</a> <span class="type">String or Map</span>
You can specify a minimum and maximum bound for the number of tasks your service should maintain.
```yaml
count:
  range: n-m
```
This will set up an Application Autoscaling Target with the `MinCapacity` of `n` and `MaxCapacity` of `m`.

> Alternatively, if you wish to scale your service onto Fargate Spot instances, specify `min` and `max` under `range` and then specify `spot_from` with the desired count you wish to start placing your services onto spot capacity. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you wish to scale your service onto Fargate Spot instances, specify `min` and `max` under `range` and then specify `spot_from` with the desired count you wish to start placing your services onto Spot capacity. For example:
```

```yaml
count:
  range:
    min: 1
    max: 10
    spot_from: 3
```

> This will set your range as 1-10 as before, but will place two copies of your service on dedicated Fargate capacity. Once your service scales to 3 copies, they will be placed on spot until the maximum is reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will set your range as 1-10 as above, but will place the first two copies of your service on dedicated Fargate capacity. If your service scales to 3 or higher, the third and any additional copies will be placed on Spot until the maximum is reached.
```
